So let's use that query here
from the front end.
And for that, I'll go to my React application, of course.
There, the Feed.js file,
and here we have to scroll up a little bit to load posts.
There we have some pagination logic,
which we can ignore for now.
And then I'll write my GraphQL query here
which is a JavaScript object where I have a query
which now is that multi line string.
And in that multi line string
I now will start with curly braces right away.
And in there, just as I did it in GraphiQL,
and therefore we can, of course, again, copy that.
I'll look for posts.
This is the name of my query.
And in there, this happens to return this post data object
which has posts and total posts.
And for every post I'm interested in the ID,
title, content, image URL, also creator
and also created at, creator again as a complex object
and there I'm interested in the name.
So this is the data I need
to render my posts efficiently.
Now to run that query, let's change that URL down there.
And you know which URL that is.
It's localhost:8080/graphQL.
The method will be post, of course,
headers is the token, but also the content type,
which should be application/json.
And of course, I need to add my body here
and that body will be stringify with the json package,
and that will be that GraphQL query I wrote up there.
And please note again, that we see the entire
flexibility of GraphQL doing its job here.
We're fetching exactly that post data we need.
We don't fetch things like the creator email
which we don't need.
We don't fetch the updated at field, which we don't need.
We only fetch what we need
and we actually don't even need the image URL here,
now that I think about it.
We're not rendering that image on that starting page.
So really, we only fetch what we need
and we use GraphQL to its fullest potential here.
But back to our request.
I'm now sending this request.
Now, again, handling errors like this will not succeed.
Instead, we wanna handle it as we did down there.
We don't need to check for validation errors though
because in this query we can't send incorrect data.
So we'll simply check if we got any other errors
and I'll then say fetching posts failed
and otherwise we'll have our posts
and we can't access them on resData posts though,
as you know.
Instead, if we have a look at our schema
our post data will be found on data then posts
because that's the name of the query.
That will be an object of this type
with another field of posts in there.
And then we drill into our post data.
So here the posts, the final posts can be found
on resData.data.posts.posts.
This is the query, and this is then the posts field
in the return data of the query.
And then we can let React do its job.
For the total posts it's all the resData.data.posts,
and then it's not total items, but total posts.
I renamed that on my backend.
If we now save that and we go back
to our React application, we can already see it.
That error is coming from the user's status.
But behind that, we see our posts are getting rendered.
We see the user name, so that is all working.
And now let's also add the code to add a new post
to this page immediately,
before we then also add pagination,
and then also have a look at how we can get
our image onto the server.
So let's quickly add the code.
To add a new post immediately,
we do that in the Feed.js file
off the front end code in the finishEditHandler.
And there we scroll down to the place
where we create our post object.
We're not actually doing anything with that thus far
so that's time to change.
So there with this post, I prepared some code
which you can now use.
You can just copy it in and replace
this prevstate statement with the attached code
and thereafter, go back to your application
and add another cup, for example,
also hot and hit accept, and you see that cup here too.
Pagination is not working
but it'll take care about that later.
For now, we can add that
and we can load our posts in general.